DAO Core Functionality

What is AKITA DAO?
AKITA DAO is a decentralized autonomous organization controlled by its governance token.
There are two main strategies for market participants: Staking and Bonding

Stakers stake their gAKITA tokens in return for more gAKITA, while bonders provide LP tokens in exchange for AKITA tokens 

Governance participants can get involved on our forum and through discussions on our Telegram.  We are always looking for new community members to contribute.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/16u2VvUrPtJMPx6340zFoH2dx68iGj627C7k2EhZGjH0/edit?usp=sharing

The DAO is our first DAPP (Decentralized App) that we are releasing and it is on the Avalanche blockchain. 
Our community is primarily on Ethereum so the 2 demographics we are targeting is our community and the Avalanche community (and all the investors that are invested into projects on Avalanche). 

The strategic importance of a DAO - the aim is to create a governing body that we preside over.   Community members will be able to come up with ideas that DAO Stewards will be able to then create proposals that the community (investors) can vote on.    It is then up to the core team members to vote and decide if these proposed changes are adapted.     

What makes a DAO different than just a staking platform is the governance (community has a voice in the direction of the company) as well as the asset is also backed by the treasury through bonding.   What this means is that investors actually own the actual value of their investments.    For example, when SHIB pumps, the megawhales cant pull out the true dollar value of their tokens because there is not enough money in the asset for that amount to be extracted.    So if a guy had a 3 billion dollars worth of shib, if he tried to sell it all at once, he would only get millions for it.  But if there is a treasury backing the DAO, whatever value an investor wants to sell, the treasury will be able to afford to pay.     Because the treasury is growing from the LP tokens that we have gotten from the bonding process (Investors give us these LP tokens in exchange for the gAKITA tokens)


Farmlands is the next DAPP that we are releasing, this however being on Ethereum mainnet instead of Avalanche.  
The 2 main purposes of this DAPP are to have our AKITA community on Ethereum, be able to lock up their liquidity with us (Staking), for rewards.   The 2nd and more important purpose of Farmlands is multi-asset staking in order to give our investors rewards of $AKITA on Avalanche blockchain ($aAKITA).   That is a carrot on a stick in order to further onboard our primarily Ethereum based community into using Avalanche C Chain and bonding and minting on our DAO.   So Farmlands is providing incentive to use AKITA DAO.

